---
title: Minecraft Announcements
author: Chuu
tags: [minecraft, optifine, update, announcement]
---

_Updates between 2020.02.14 and 2020.02.23_

---

Hello all!  With **Optifine 1.15.2 preview/unstable release** available, we'll proceed with the **Minecraft update to the lastest version, 1.15.2!**
You can check the Optifine's unstable release as a link on top of their [download page](https://optifine.net/downloads).

~Chuu

---

Hey all!

I hope you're all doing well!  I've made a lot of progress with the server plugin so far!  This plugin replaces some smaller plugins to match up the server to our needs.

- **Leave messages are fixed now!**  Also, join and leave messages are now translated to your Minecraft in-game language!
- Nicknames are confusing! With this plugin update, **you can hover over player name to see their in-game name!**
  - Want to message them? **Click on the hovered player name** to message them!
- Want some server information?  Ever forgot what the rules were?  ~~(me too, I forgot my own server's rules)~~  **You can now run `/info` (or `/rules`) command to open a book containing all the server information!**  This should come in useful especially for new players. ^^
- Ever wondered how the connection bars translate to real life digits?  You can now **use `/ping`** to check your and others' ping to the server!
- Some of us can get overwhelmed by chat.  **The game narrator and the game's built-in chat settings now comply!**  Discord messages are not hidden in "Chat only" mode *yet*, though.  I'll see if I can get that working as well!
- The game can be hard for some of you, but don't run `/xray` command!  ||Or if you want, you can I guess (and see what happens :EeveeUwU:)||

With this plugin near completion, the *"graylist"* system will be up and running as well!  Graylist will allow people to join the server, but all they can do is walk around, pick up items, and hit (unnamed) hostile mobs.

Also, the beacon plugin is still being worked on!  I have an exam next week though, so I don't know when this will be done.  I can't make any promises, but I really want to get it done before the public server launch.

Lastly, the next town hall meeting will be held on next week Friday the 28th or Saturday the 29th.  Pick your best date on the [Discord](/discord) server!

Best,<br>
~Chuu

---

Hello all!

Here are some more Minecraft server feature/plugin updates:
* **Links are blue now!**  Also, you can link subreddits with `/r/`. (psst... we have /r/PortChuu Subreddit!)
* **Now you can sit on stairs!**  Just right click on the stair to sit on it!  *No special commands required!*
* __Discord messages now abide by the "Chat" message type!__  The game narrator and the game's built-in chat settings comply with this setting!  *If you have chat messages disabled, the game will remind you how to turn the chat back on.*
* You don't wanna run `/op <player>` command.  _Or you might want to.  You can try it out, I guess (and see what happens 😏)_

It looks like everyone wants to have the **town hall meeting** on a Saturday.  I'm not sure about my time availability on the day, but I will try to make it on Saturday!  The time and contents of the meeting will be discussed in the coming days after my exam on Tuesday.

Best,<br>
~Chuu